Interview cliff-notes:

	My name is Jordan Hankison

	I am an online student from Batch 15

	I was born and raised in the US in Wisconsin.
	
	I started this course on November 2 of last year, and will be finishing our course at the beginning of June and hopefully hitting the market shortly after.

	I just wanted to briefly talk about my experience with the course and Cybertek as a whole.

	First, The tools:

		- The Tools that Cybertek gives you access to are numerous and Incredibly useful. Be prepared to be a bit overwhelmed at first, that's totally normal when diving head first into a new subject.

		- Cybertek does a good job of supplying the software you will all most likely be seeing in a real life work place to make sure you have the best chance of success.

		- Without trying to overwhelm you right away with names... You will be using Code editors, Communication software, business/team management software, coding practice Applications, Testing frameworks, Excel, and many others. All of these things will seem like second nature with practice, AND PATIENCE.

	Second, the staff:

		- I feel incredibly lucky in that Cybertek has such a talented staff of instructors, mentors, and tech support. My biggest fear starting this class was what the quality of the instruction might be, and I must say, that I have been very pleased with how thorough and patient our instructors have been with my class mates and myself all throughout my time learning at Cybertek.

		- Later in the course all of you will be assigned groups that are meant to mimic the team oriented environment of modern software development. In your group you you will have a previously graduated student who will act as your mentor. I cannot stress enough how much you can learn from this Mentor as they are basically your personal coaches on learning the real life work environment and assessing your readiness for the market.

	- For my last point, I just wanted to give you guys a few pieces of advice just from my perspective. 

		1.) It's ok to feel lost and overwhelmed, especially at the start of a new topic or subject. This feeling is natural and will happen over and over again during your course. This feeling is just your brain trying to wrap around a new and confusing concept that it's never had to think about before. But each time, If you stick with it, you will have a moment when the concept CLICKS! and suddenly the ideas that seemed impossible before, just kinda make sense. It's an incredible feeling and I suspect you might start to get a little addicted to it as you progress. but you have to have patience with yourself and your instructors to get there.

		2.) Make friends! One of my greatest resources at cybertek are my fellow students. I communicate with many of them on a regular basis, but there are a few that I would say I genuinely call my good friends now. Together we are always helping each other out, whether that be assisting each other with a confusing concept, sharing notes with each other, helping each other out when one of us is forced to miss a class, or just being a source of solidarity in a brand new environment. Your Classmates will play a huge roll in your experience here.

		3.) Don't burn yourself out! Some people will have different ideas about this than me but like I said this is just my personal opinion and experience.  
		Many people are tempted to run full speed right out of the gate. They will spend 6 hours studying, every night and buy all the books, and try to start a second online course, etc. etc. but REMBEMBER, you guys will have 6 months of hard learning ahead of you. This is a marathon, not a 100 yard dash. Not only will you exhaust yourself and potentially want to drop out, your brain will not retain the information as well. Learning takes time, remember to give yourself, and more importantly your brain, that time to absorb all the crazy new information your giving it every day.

		Thank you guys so much, and thank you to Cybertek for letting me chat with you guys a while.
		You are all making an excellent choice in checking this course out and you deserve a round of applause for seeking to improve your lives and grow as human beings.
		Thank you again, folks!