System properties

	we use System class to get info about environment where java program is executing.

		System Properties:

		In Properties, we examined the way an application can use Properties objects to maintain its configuration. The Java platform itself uses a Properties object to maintain its own configuration. The System class maintains a Properties object that describes the configuration of the current working environment. System properties include information about the current user, the current version of the Java runtime, and the character used to separate components of a file path name.

	Methods:

		System...

			System is the Class that gives us all our information

		.getProperties();

			returns String

			this method will get all the properties of the current machine, It will be HUGE

		.getProperty("property.type.here");

			returns String

			This allows us to get various pieces of information to use. 

			Important Key Meanings

				"user.dir"

					this will output the directory of the current project starting with the User Package(folder)

				"file.separator"  

					Character that separates components of a file path. This is "/" on UNIX and "\" on Windows.

				"java.class.path" 

					Path used to find directories and JAR archives containing class files. Elements of the class path are separated by a platform-specific character specified in the path.separator property.

				"java.home"

					Installation directory for Java Runtime Environment (JRE)

				"java.vendor"

					JRE vendor name

				"java.vendor.url" 

					JRE vendor URL

				"java.version"

					JRE version number

				"line.separator"

					Sequence used by operating system to separate lines in text files

				"os.arch"

					Operating system architecture

				"os.name"

					Operating system name

				"os.version"

					Operating system version

				"path.separator"

					Path separator character used in java.class.path

				"user.dir"

					User working directory

				"user.home"

					User home directory

				"user.name"

					User account name


